[Music]
I mostly forgot actually.
Yeah, because it was kind of forgettable.
Yeah, much.
[Laughter]
All I remember was going to the cheesecake factory.
Yeah, we did that.
Cheesecake Factory rocked.
You flipped the script on cheesecake factory.
You were not a fan before this.
I went from a total hater to a fan.
I signed up to the cheesecake of the month fan club.
No.
I hope that the structure
stole the show at knob con.
I think that was like, I know that was the main thing that I remember
to remember.
Not only the at the booth,
but then when they were using it for the performances at one night,
it was exciting to see it in action.
I just wanted to leave with one.
I don't care if it's just raw breadboard or whatever.
There's two of them in action.
It was pretty sweet.
It's hard to describe, I guess,
a video module
by talking about it.
I haven't seen anything else like that in the video synthesis
world.
I think it's going to change the game.
Three years we've been watching it develop every knob con.
This was the closest version
to being a complete product I think that we've ever seen.
You've shown off all the randomization features and all that stuff.
It was pretty cool.
What did they say for release?
Did they say like fall?
It's something that could be a bit better.
It's supposed to be this month,
but I haven't seen anything saying it's coming soon.
It might be looking at winter release.
I think it is a small company.
It's not surprising that they may not have the most robust
manufacturing process.
Eroginous tomes.
That is how it is.
I don't think we mentioned who's doing it.
I think we may have mentioned it in the past because every time we come back
from knob con, I think they are included in our best of because it's always very exciting.
There's a lot of video stuff in general this year.
Actually, we got a presentation from Lars from LXR or not.
That was the exit.
Very informative.
Yeah, that was great.
It was a packed house.
Yeah, cleared up a lot of stuff for me about video synthesis.
It was very informative and presented it kind of simply with examples.
Yeah, it was a really good highlight of the trip for sure.
Yeah, I think if you were to do more in the future, you know,
and dip into more advanced stuff, I think people would attend.
He seemed to be surprised that there were so many people there.
Yeah, and you know, and there was a lot of people that had more advanced questions
that I don't think he was counting on.
Right.
It was meant to be like a real 101 type of class and people were hungry for more.
But aside from that, yeah, I can't root.
There isn't anything that sticks out in my head about this knob con.
One thing that kind of sticks out for me and it was more after knob con that I got more into it was that
512 sequencer by the guy who makes the numerology software.
It's like 32 or something HP, like 8 knob sequencer with a bunch of like buttons below it,
a bunch of inputs and outputs.
I think I missed that.
Yeah, it looks like really, it was kind of the booth like two booths over from where Ross was.
Okay.
But yeah, it looks like super full feature.
It looks like he's trying to share code between the numerology app and the sequencer and have a lot of
interesting, probabilistic and algorithmic functions to it in the way you could do stuff with steps
that I haven't seen much outside of software or something like a circle on, which is much more expensive
and hard to get.
It's interesting, but I'm also not really wanting to dive into a new sequencer right now.
How many tracks was it?
I think it was 8.
But it also had a cool mode where you could able to style step through clips in a session view.
So it was built for also playback of the sequences that you make.
Kind of like carbon?
Yeah, very similar to that.
Now was this real?
I mean, is this something that was out and available or is it like prototype?
He's been working on it for a while.
It used to be like a prototype with like a wood panel and this one he had looked finished.
And he seems like, if you email him, he will tell you like sometimes he'll be like, "Oh, I have one
I can ship you, but he's not at like full like production release."
Wow.
It seems like it's kind of like an ER 301 thing with a hardware stable.
It's just all about software now.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
But it looks impressive.
I think it's in comparison to some of the other URAC sequences I've used, it was a little
more straightforward with complexity and not necessarily as abstracted away from like,
"Oh, I just want to do this note-based sequence and have a little keyboard on it," which is
one of my favorite things about the pyramid.
It's just put like a just a little stupid keyboard on there that I can use to make sense
and notes.
But, you know, it's pretty cool.
I'll be tracking it for sure.
I mean, there were two things that I remember from NABCON.
The first was apparently there's a Stomper module.
Oh, yeah.
Right?
In the one-huh.
Yeah, that was mind-blowing.
It was very exciting.
The guy who had it was Superchill.
I don't even know if I got his name or his company.
I basically just, all I remember was Stomper module and one of them was OneU.
I had thought to go back and try to track one down or get one.
The other one was the Arduino Shield.
Oh, the Detroit Underground?
Detroit Underground thing.
Again, I think we talked about this right after we left of like, "I'm not necessarily
like, I don't think I'm going to go get one," but it's a really cool idea.
Yeah.
To have the analog logic stuff available, that was the twist really over just a straight
Arduino Shield.
Yeah.
So that was pretty cool.
But yeah, again, like I'm glad they got funded.
Yeah.
The Kickstarter was successful, but I'm not trying to.
I'm moving more and more away from one into like, program stuff to make a new things.
It's the Kickstarter over for that?
I think so.
I didn't keep track of it.
Yeah, because we got the flyer for the Kickstarter, which was either happening or...
I've just started it.
It had just started.
Two days in.
Yeah.
I mean, the only thing from now on, the other thing I was going to say was it was cool to
see the WMD sequencer with two of them, because we had seen it last year.
That weird gate seat.
Right.
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
And we had seen it with just one of them, and it was pretty cool.
And they were like, "Oh, you can change them.
There could be two of them."
And this year they had two of them, and it was kind of cool to see them interacting and
having like this monstrous fucking sequencer.
It seemed pretty cool.
And it seemed like it's got to be getting close to being finished.
What's it called?
I think it's a metron.
I fucking...
Meetron.
I think it's a metron.
Yeah, it was pretty dope.
The two daisy chain was cool, and we got to see them perform live with that.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It was pretty nice.
But it seems like just one would also, you know, be pretty good.
Oh, there was a lot of functionality in just one, but yeah.
Four tracks, I think.
Maybe it was more...
I think there's more than that.
There's four rows with surfaced on the actual hardware as four, but I think there was a
way to get more than that out of it.
Yeah, I like that.
I forgot all about it, though.
I don't know why.
Yeah, that was the thing that like he gave a pretty in-depth presentation for us, and
then while he was performing live, I was trying to keep an eye on, you know, how he was hitting
the sequencer and calling things up.
It was pretty cool.
Yeah.
WMD.
Once again.
No sign of...
[laughter]
Shit.
What's it called?
Gamma Wave.
Two, though.
It's really hoping to see one.
Yes, it will.
See the glimpse.
Same hair.
It's back in the void.
It was there like twice in prototype form, right?
And then, "boof."
Yeah.
No words.
No ETA, nothing.
Yeah, it was almost more like...
It was what was missing, it was what stood out from this knob con.
We all wanted...
We had the Zadar infection at that point, so we wanted to see one of those in action.
There was nothing like that there.
A few other things.
It was engineering.
There was no noise engineering there, really.
Yeah, there was no Erika Synths present, no noise engineering, no Zadar.
A group of the things that were drawn are like top list, weren't there?
Yep.
That concludes another knob con.
Yeah.
[laughter]
Halloween has come and gone.
It has.
What'd you guys go as?
I went as a nerd at a house party in my house.
Where I sat here and played Call of Duty.
Yeah.
But I did have a craving for horror movie.
And I didn't have my hopes up because there's never anything good around Halloween in the
theaters, like ever.
True.
It's always another like, Saw sequel or like paranormal activity shit, you know.
The nth version of some shitty franchise.
Some found footage bullshit or some haunted house shit.
I don't know.
So, I didn't have my hopes up but looked online and I guess Venom has done so horribly that
the IMAX took it out and put in the new Halloween movie.
Which I didn't even know existed.
So that got me pretty stoked.
It was fantastic.
It's a direct sequel to the original Halloween.
So carpenters heavily evolved again.
Not only with the direction but the soundtrack.
Nice.
And so it's him and his son, I think it's Cody carpenter, did the score.
And just hearing that, you know, the original Halloween theme and everything else that they
did through the IMAX sound system, it was pretty good.
It's very old school.
It was like when you get a craving for a food, but you're not sure what that food is.
And you just go to a random restaurant and you end up like sleeping completely satisfied.
That was my Halloween film experience.
Great soundtrack, old school.
They kept it gory and just, you know, it wasn't ridiculous.
Jump scared bullshit.
Right, right.
It's just Michael Beyer's walking around town, slaughtering people for two hours and then
it's a wrap.
So that's exactly what I needed.
As it should be.
Around Halloween.
Yeah.
Still got the music in my head.
It was like, it wasn't like over done.
You know what I mean?
Like it was the Halloween theme, but a little bit like modernized and they used it sparingly.
You know, there was just some nice like drone work here and there to make tension.
So thumbs up the carpenter.
The carpenter is like this.
Not the band the carpenter.
No, not the band the carpenters, but the John and Cody, gotcha.
Father and son, keeping it real.
I'm glad to hear that.
I want to check it out at some point.
My friends do do the, I do a horror movie podcast just recently did Halloween H20.
Oh geez.
That was actually the last Halloween that I've seen, which is why I wasn't too hopeful
for this one.
Yeah, they tore it apart.
And the one thing though that I remember, I mean, there's there's a litany of problems
that they listed with it.
But the one that I had not really thought about before was I don't want to jump scared
in my Halloween movie.
Right.
What's terrifying is his slow relentless pursuit.
Yes.
Like he's going to get you.
And if it's not now, he'll get you later.
Yes.
Like you are, you haven't escaped him, but like I don't want like him running someone
down.
It's just he shows up when you least expect it and you think you've gotten away and
then you turn the corner, you open up a door and there he is and then you're dead.
There he is.
I vaguely remember H20 except that Curtis was in that one again.
Yeah.
She wasn't really like true to her character.
I mean, it was it was her and her character, but like it had made a horrible, horrible
turn.
She was in this one, this new one.
Oh, again, which I forgot to mention and she's fucking badass, dude.
That's cool.
She plays old grandma.
Like she's she's worried about her daughter who she apparently raised up to be completely
paranoid her entire life of this boogie man, Michael Myers, who she thought didn't exist.
So they all think, you know, my mom's crazy and then she has a daughter and she tries
to like raise her granddaughter the same way her mom won't let her near her and she's
like, you know, keep your loony tune shit away from my daughter and blah, blah, blah.
You know what I mean?
So she's just like this crazy grandma who has this fortified shack in the woods with
all these stock-powered weaponry waiting for the day that Michael Myers would be up for
parole so that if he got out, she would slaughter him herself.
Like that was the whole plot.
Wow.
Yeah, it was it was awesome.
It was great.
It was good.
Also related kind of tangent.
I was in the bar in Seattle a couple days ago and caught like 10 minutes of cape fear
and realized like, Holy shit, I got over your watch that movie as soon as possible.
So let's let's discuss this quickly because I know you ordered one, Dave.
I don't know if you got one yet.
I didn't order it, but the two HP cat.
No, I did not.
I did not order it.
He didn't know.
I thought for sure you would get that.
No, I was in it was in the cart.
I got like like I'm like, I'm ready to do this.
Like did the full on like whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down.
Is there any chance you're going to use this after the first day that you get it?
And they even try to talk myself into them like, okay, no, well, I mean, it's a good
noise source.
Like I did the full like I there was a part of my brain.
It was like, you want to get this module.
And then the other part of my brain is going like, dude, no, no, I did not get it.
I'm impressed.
You resisted.
I thought for sure you'd have like three of them.
Thank you.
And it was it was an internal struggle.
Like as I'm watching the video of it, like I'm just sitting there and I'm like, I'm just
like grinning from air to ear.
I'm like, this is the most delightful thing I've ever fucking seen.
And then when they send like a little like sequence to it, so it's like a little singing
cat, I'm like, Oh, you fuckers.
You fuckers.
This is just full on manipulation.
Yes, one of those things where I'm like happy that exists.
Yeah, but I don't have any room.
Need for it.
Right.
I mean, just anything with like lighthearted that isn't super serious.
I think maybe there is a room for that type of stuff.
Yeah, even just the day I saw it, I remember I was just having like a rough day and I saw
it and like that is one thing that is not awful and terrible.
Thank you.
Thank you universe.
That is one thing.
What do you speaking a little of?
No, I'm caught.
I bet this is on your list.
You think about that nebulae too, because you got one of those and I'm kind of curious
to see where you sit with it.
I didn't put it on my list because I actually haven't been diving too far into it.
I'm not.
But with what I have done with it so far, I like it, but I'm also waiting for the new
firmware to come out, which they've been teasing for a couple of weeks now.
I see.
Because there's a couple of things I could complain about.
But the one thing that I guess is what everyone's complaining about the most is the fact that
you can't render the buffer to the card.
Oh, I see.
So like you can't save whatever you record.
Right.
That's kind of strange.
You're either using source material from the card or you're using stuff in the buffer.
You can't really take one and put it to the other.
Does the like the morphogen do that?
Will it kind of record itself?
Yes.
You can record a morphogen.
If I recall correctly, yeah, you can save whatever you have going on there and you can
continuously like re-sample shit with the morphogen.
But they've been saying with the new firmware that's something they want to implement.
It's just it wasn't there yet.
And they were looking for suggestions also for this next firmware.
The suggestion I proposed to them was that the file button not just be like linear.
Like right now, whatever you have on the card, you can change from file to file by hitting
the file button or hitting it with a trigger.
I said it would be cool if there was a mode where it could be like randomized.
Like anytime you hit the file button with a gate, it would randomly select a file from
the card.
Or like you could CV it.
So at this voltage, it would play this file.
Yeah.
It would play this file.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't know because I mean it just receives a gate.
So I don't know if there's any way they could make it scale like that.
Like if it reads like, you know, I don't know between one to five old or something like
that.
I don't know.
But that was something I thought would be cool.
It would be basically break core in a module.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, you just load it up with your pre-sliced pre, you know, tempo breaks
or whatever.
And then you can just start bouncing between them and manipulating.
It would be a lot of fun, I think.
So when you hit file, does it start?
File number one.
And then it goes file number two.
And they start from the beginning as they play.
I mean, is there is there no, I think it'll still play the last like file that got played
until it receives a new like play trigger.
Gotcha.
So you can like switch files until you hit play again.
I don't remember off the top of my head.
Me personally, I haven't even been using it as a sampler at the moment.
Like I haven't even put anything new on the card.
I've been using it more in real time as a buffer manipulator kind of like clouds.
Yeah.
That's essentially what I've been doing is making it like clouds, you know what I mean?
Like recording stuff into it, bouncing between wet and dry and fucking with the grains and
all that.
I've even been running it into clouds for like dual, you know, mangling.
As a cloud substitute, how does how's that hold up?
I think it would hold up.
Yeah.
As a substitute for clouds, but at the same time, I don't know, clouds has its alternative
modes, which, yeah, although some people don't like I've always enjoyed more and I think
that's why it makes clouds shine.
Yep.
You know what I mean?
You get all that extra versatility in it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know if I had to pick one or the other.
I don't know what I picked.
That'd be a tough choice between clouds and Nebula, but I think they go hand in hand pretty
well.
Yeah.
So I haven't had a chance to dive too deeply in the Nebula, but I'm looking forward to,
you know, diving deeper, especially when the new farm work comes out.
What do you planning to put on the card?
Have you ever got to use it?
Well, I'd like to record stuff right from the modular on the, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'd like to do a good rhythm going on the modular, be able to record it in there and
bounce the buffer to the cards that I have, like, you know, eight chunks recorded of that
rhythm that I can then manipulate and randomize and play back.
So you're thinking of it as like another buffer almost.
Like you've got the memory buffer, but then you also have what you're writing to the
card that you can fuck with.
Yep.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It seems like you do some really interesting layering.
Yeah.
So, sequence and all of a sudden, you know, you have something way more complex and layered.
That's what I'm looking forward to doing.
Making shit complicated.
Enough about me.
Let's discuss something that we've all had at hand in.
Yeah.
Wait, we've all had a hand in as far as using it.
To be clear, we did not make this.
Zadar, or as DIVKID pronounced it, Zadar.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not sure what's just the proper pronunciation, but I'm sticking with Zadar.
Sticking with Zadar.
I like saying Zadar better.
It sounds more like sci-fi.
Okay.
I guess the better way to put this is, does anyone have a single bad thing to say about
it?
Let's just start with that.
Because like, I don't.
And I've seriously thought about getting a second one.
Yeah.
It's one of my favorite ever.
Love it for envelopes.
Kind of changed my system around.
I got that SSF muton.
Especially because it's going to pair up with that so well.
And the fact that it has that output attenuator means that I don't need some input attenuator
for the CV on the muton.
I can just handle it there.
And I was like, oh, that's what kind of sold it for me.
Yeah.
The shapes and the modulation and the way you can say presets.
It's just so well thought out.
And single click for the analog to digital mode.
Just fucking brilliant.
They really killed it.
I have one minor complaint.
I'm a pessimist, Dave.
I was always fine.
It's a problem.
I even came to the table and was like, you know what?
I love the sync.
I got no complaints.
Don't get me wrong.
I love it.
I just think that so they have four knobs, right?
Each of which you can push and get a secondary function out of it.
Yep.
Except for the one.
The voltage knob, I believe, right?
So.
Really?
Yeah.
Think you're right.
It will go faster if you push it in.
Yeah.
Like there's another mode.
Great.
I was thinking it would be nice that if you push that button, it would toggle on the
loop, on and off.
That would be great.
It heals me to agree with you, but that's a brilliant idea.
Thank you.
It's a great option and it's the one thing that you have to kind of dive into the menu
to enable.
Everything else, like I've barely gone into that menu.
One thing that I haven't, I've seen a few videos of people using it as an oscillator
that were fucking incredible and I haven't tried that yet too much.
I've used it as like looping LFO but not an audio rate.
The one video I heard was like ridiculous.
I didn't, I thought it was a good noise engineering oscillator or something like that.
It was so like odd.
Yeah.
Another shout out to the DIVKit.
He did a video with it as like a quad oscillator and that was really damn cool.
And he had like one channel as an oscillator and the other channel like, you know, CV-ing
it while it was being awesome.
You know what I mean?
I was like, yeah.
This is what I'm talking about right there.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a hell of a module.
So much functionality crammed into what is that?
Eight, 10, 12.
I have to think 12.
Is that 12?
Okay.
Yeah.
It's 12.
Four channels.
You think it's 10?
Think of it as how many four HP in there.
I don't think you could do three.
Yeah, I think that's 10.
All right, maybe it's 10.
But I like two that's like, I looked at the manual one time to look at some function
I didn't know about.
You could easily traverse it with no issues.
Yeah.
And it sounds good.
Like it's, I don't, I got that and was like, I don't know why would I want an analog
envelope again?
Like I'm, I don't know.
Because it gets super tight in the way you can switch the modes.
Like, I don't see any reason to have them anymore.
I think because of that.
10 HP.
All right.
Fine.
You're right.
Hope you're fucking happy with yourself.
I am.
Good fucking job.
I've been with my envelopes since getting it.
And I'm definitely thinking of just slapping a second one in there.
Yeah.
Same air.
That'll probably handle all of my envelope duties.
Yeah.
I mean, even, I even got rid of the quadra.
I mean, because the only thing that was different, it was it had the, it could, you
know, it could take a gate and hold.
Mm hmm.
Really the only thing that was different between.
I see.
That the, the Zadar doesn't have and, and it's so easy to dial in what I want it to do.
By just all the shape, all of the shaping functions are like, well, this is actually
easier than trying to figure out how long to have that fucking gate open in order to
get the envelope that I want.
Why don't I just put it on this fucking, like I can just do it in that much easier.
Yeah.
There was some people complaining in the muff thread for it.
Like, you know, they wanted hold and I wanted all these other like basic analog envelope
function on it.
That's the classic function of like from the sixties.
And I love their response was like, that's cool.
That's what Dave fucking did in the sixties.
This is what I'm trying now.
Yeah.
I mean, those exist.
Exactly.
If you want that, there's plenty of choices on there for that.
If you want something a little different, something a little, you know, off the rails,
there's, there's Zadar for me to open up the ornament and crime even more.
Because I was using that as more of a modulator.
And now I don't.
It's more, how can I make that thing fuck up the Zadar?
Yeah.
There's one piece that I have where it's like you hit it with a gate and it wobbles like
fucking jello, you know, and like slows down with the gravity in that, um, I forget what
it's called.
And one where it simulates gravity and the bouncing ball type thing.
The wall of the circle, like the circles on the screen.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's the one that literally you see it drop down.
Yeah.
You get four channels of that.
Those two are fucking, it's, it's usually in that mode now just to throw that kind of
gravity type shit at it from a CV perspective.
Ah, getting crazy sounds out of that.
That sounds awesome.
Such a good design.
Like they really just fucking smashed it.
Yeah, they nailed it.
And it's pretty much what I would expect from a weird envelope in the year 2018.
Yeah, exactly.
And it seems like none of us had problem ones, but, um, based on that muff thread, people
that are having problems are having them addressed immediately.
Yeah.
It seems seems like a hardware.
Type thing more than software, which I think was our concern where it's like, yeah, if
it crashed ever, that would be disappointing.
But just some hardware glitch.
Then fuck it.
Who suggested in the email thread about the Mordak's data?
I think that was usually.
Yeah.
That put a little worm in my ear about it because now I'm looking at those and I'm like, oh,
yeah, that would be sweet to be able to see like all four channels in real time.
I'd love to see this.
I mean, the screen does a good job of showing you what you're messing with currently, but
the, the, and it was, I think it was from the dev kid video is right for us all.
Yeah.
And I was like, and each screen is fine.
Like I, I go to A and like, okay, I get a sensible A is doing.
I go to B and also seeing them all in real time and all this, um, that would be incredible
to have.
Well, that turned out to be not controversial.
Do we have, do we have anything that's controversial where we're going to like fight?
We're going to have like a good screaming match.
Hmm.
I want more racist modules.
I don't.
I'm glad you can verify that.
Yeah.
I mean, the only thing I have is a visual cortex.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, you got that.
Yeah, I don't, I don't really know how much to say because as we went up before, radio
and podcasting is not a visual medium.
Um, all I could say though is, uh, I, I'm getting a ton of shit out of it.
Just it.
Because one of the things I was a little worried about is not having a ton of, um, their modules
or the modules that are specifically designed for video.
Um, but it turns out the, the, the one real limitation is you need to have something that
goes above 30 K and it turns out the Dixie does.
So I have one that can go above well into that to the supersonic range.
Um, and then any of the other oscillators that I have handle the other dimension.
There's a, there are a couple of things that I would like to get.
That's what I was going to wonder.
Like what is it?
What are the gaps you want to fill in now?
The, the main gap that I want to fill in is what the staircase does, which multiplies and
divides.
I send it a frequency and it does, um, multiplications and divisions.
But honestly, I think that's it.
Everything else I, I, I have with existing audio modules.
Now to step back for a minute for our listeners, this is the LZX, which one is it again?
The name exactly.
This is the visual cortex.
Visual cortex.
So it was like the out of stock forever.
Yeah.
Nobody could get it.
And it's kind of a basic, like what is it?
Like starter system for video synthesis really.
Yeah.
It's basically they're like basic primitive toolkit in one module.
And it's, um, it's big.
It's a big honkin thing.
But what it allows you to get is video input.
So you can, it turns it, um, these different video signals, anti usable signal within itself
has a ramp generator.
It has, um, different ways in order to do the sync generation.
Um, and then it has a mixer for the different like animation, uh, and key generators and
all of its module level, all of it takes a lot of stuff from existing audio modules.
So I can do animations with LFOs.
You can do pretty much everything with just that and an audio system.
And especially if you're seeing Laura's talk on, uh, at knob con, filled in a couple
of the blanks that I was having as far as like, how am I using this audio signal to
generate video?
Um, I think his talk was great.
And then they also have a series of videos on YouTube on their YouTube channel that is
perfect explanations.
It's kind of funny cause Lars, even during his talk said like, you know, he purposely
worded things to not be a commercial, but it, it ultimately like definitely, uh, sold
you and I'm sure many others in there on his stuff.
So yeah, I mean, it was kind of cool.
I mean, I was already halfway there.
Like, this is something I've been looking at for a long time and had been interested
in.
Yeah, that's all I have for that.
That aside.
Again, this would probably be a lot more interesting if this wasn't entirely audio medium.
True.
So I did go against, as I mentioned, my, uh, no spending in October plan got the noise
engineering, uh, adoraxic.
It's here at us.
We're looking at it right now.
Holy shit.
I did not realize how many cables you have plugged into it.
It's good.
It kind of likes to be modulated.
It's getting worked over.
So yeah, it's the big brother to the adoraxic, uh, what's it called?
Trans-Litron?
I believe it was.
Yeah.
Trans-Litron.
Which is like chippy Atari style.
Yeah.
You know, I do wish it still had that digital readout screen that would be nice for the
waveforms.
But, uh, yeah, it's pretty nifty.
Um, I've only had it for about two days now because I bought it during the perfect circuit,
Halloween sale.
And then it took FedEx like two weeks to ship it to me for some reason.
I was supposed to have it last Saturday and then just kept getting delayed and delayed.
But, uh, yeah, now that I have it, I tried to dive into it, um, on Friday night and last
night, it's nifty.
It's, it's not like percussion based, you know what I mean?
Like the BIA or anything like doesn't have an onboard envelope or VCA.
Is there any way we can get a sample of this?
Cause I'm...
Listen to this.
[
So, uh, one of the things that caught my attention when I first saw it was the, uh, the comb
filter.
Yeah.
So how, uh, it's pretty cool.
It's pretty cool.
[laughter]
It's, it's like, uh, yeah, I don't know.
Like I haven't had a chance to dive too far and it's not like very resonant or anything,
you know what I mean?
But it's cool.
Cause I don't know, I've been using it for the last two days to generate like high-pitched
percussion stuff.
You know what I mean?
I keep running it through VCA and things like that using it like a snare and, uh, comb filter
helps to like bring out those upper harmonics and, you know, suppress the lowers and stuff
like that.
It's a neat feature to have on there and it's definitely fun to CV have it do crazy stuff.
Yeah.
But, uh, so is that what you imagine you're using it mostly for percussion?
Cause that's what I used to use the, uh, little guy for, you know, the, the old Hatteraxi.
I, I had that primarily as like a noisy chip toony snare.
You know what I mean?
I almost always had it patched up like that.
This is now like a more interesting version of that.
So I can definitely see using it in a percussive, percussive way also.
Cool.
It's got the three modes, you know, three algorithms which see Vable into three, um,
octave ranges similar to the BIA.
Also see Vable.
It's pretty cool.
Um, only thing I don't like about it is once again, like a lot of the newer noise engineering
stuff, the, the pitch is a endless encoder.
I know.
You know, I'm not a huge fan of that.
And I get the reasons for doing it.
But again, it's just not for me.
It's hard to dial in sweet spots on the pitch like that.
Yeah.
But overall I think noise engineering got another, another winner here.
Mm hmm.
It's definitely, uh, the sounds that come out of it are unlike, you know, much else that
I can think of off the top of my head.
It's pretty unique, pretty glitchy.
It's advertised as an over the top glitch oscillator.
And uh, I think I would agree with that.
That sounds very appealing.
Mm hmm.
It's interesting.
It's fun.
And it's crammed into a pretty small pet.
[Music]
[music]
[MUSIC]